# S3

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **str** | Type of the storage. Must be given explicitly and must match the actual type of subject storage - this redundancy is needed due to limitations of OpenAPI polymorphism.  | 
**timeout** | **int** | Storage operation timeout in milliseconds. | [optional] 
**skip_storage_detection** | **bool** | If true, detecting whether storage is directly accessible by the Oneclient will not be performed. This option should be set to true on readonly storages.  | [optional] [default to False]
**luma_feed** | **str** | Type of feed for LUMA DB. Feed is a source of user/group mappings used to populate the LUMA DB. For more info please read: https://onedata.org/#/home/documentation/doc/administering_onedata/luma.html  | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**luma_feed_url** | **str** | URL of external feed for LUMA DB. Relevant only if lumaFeed equals &#x60;external&#x60;. | [optional] 
**luma_feed_api_key** | **str** | API key checked by external service used as feed for LUMA DB. Relevant only if lumaFeed equals &#x60;external&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**qos_parameters** | **dict(str, str)** | Map with key-value pairs used for describing storage QoS parameters. | [optional] 
**imported_storage** | **bool** | Defines whether storage contains existing data to be imported.  | [optional] [default to False]
**archive_storage** | **bool** | Defines whether storage supports long-term dataset archiving.  | [optional] [default to False]
**readonly** | **bool** | Defines whether the storage is readonly. If enabled, Oneprovider will block any operation that writes, modifies or deletes data on the storage. Such storage can only be used to import data into the space. Mandatory to ensure proper behaviour if the backend storage is actually configured as readonly. This option is available only for imported storages.  | [optional] [default to False]
**access_key** | **str** | The access key to the S3 storage. | [optional] [default to '']
**secret_key** | **str** | The secret key to the S3 storage. | [optional] [default to '']
**hostname** | **str** | The hostname of a machine where S3 storage is installed. | 
**bucket_name** | **str** | The storage bucket name. | 
**signature_version** | **int** | The version of signature used to sign requests. Only version 4 is supported.  | [optional] 
**block_size** | **int** | Storage block size in bytes. In case the block size is &#x60;0&#x60; and &#x60;canonical&#x60; path type is selected, each file is stored in a single S3 object. This value must be set to &#x60;0&#x60; to enable data import from an existing S3 bucket.  | [optional] 
**maximum_canonical_object_size** | **int** | Defines the maximum size for objects, which can be modified on the S3 storage in &#x60;canonical&#x60; path mode. In this mode, entire file needs to be downloaded to memory, modified and uploaded back, which is impractical for large files (default 64 MiB).  | [optional] 
**file_mode** | **str** | Defines the file permissions, which files imported from S3 storage will have in Onedata. Values should be provided in octal format e.g. &#x60;0644&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to '0664']
**dir_mode** | **str** | Defines the directory mode which directories imported from S3 storage will have in Onedata. Values should be provided in octal format e.g. &#x60;0775&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to '0775']
**storage_path_type** | **str** | Determines how the logical file paths will be mapped on the storage. &#x27;canonical&#x27; paths reflect the logical file names and directory structure, however each rename operation will require renaming the files on the storage. &#x27;flat&#x27; paths are based on unique file UUID&#x27;s and do not require on-storage rename when logical file name is changed.  | [optional] [default to 'flat']

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

